lib: zigbee_shell: Allow bdb factory_reset only after ZBOSS is started (#7348)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added a set of ``zcl groups`` shell commands for managing Zigbee groups.
  * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_SHELL_ZCL_CMD_TIMEOUT` for timing out ZCL cmd commands.
  * Changed internal context manager structures.

>   * Changed ``bdb factory_reset`` command to check if ZBOSS stack is started before performing factory reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Changed ``bdb factory_reset`` command.
    Now the command checks if the ZBOSS stack is started before performing the factory reset.
```
